what's up what's up its Afrojack what's
up Steve Aoki hi this is Ray Kurzweil
this shit Boyd kidding you can probably
hear and hey we'll be the gray hair I
love my throwing arm you believe us hi i
am some hair hello world hello world
hello world hello world this body mixing
if you like beggars and also enjoy
fucking shredding you're gonna love
steve aoki's new album neon future
including a froakie whose latest
collaboration with Afrojack featuring
get ready for neon future September 30
sep tember 30 of neon future Steve Aoki
rage night away featuring waka flocka
flame I'm a fucking gut oh fucking god
squad congratulations on your new album
neon future I'm so happy with the song
that we did together want to get wow I
can't wait to go out to the club and see
people getting crazy and loopy to it the
beat is awesome the freaking song is
awesome the album is awesome congrats
please check out my friend steve aoki's
brand new album neon future coming out
September 30 and it's gonna be awesome
our new track is on there a froakie and
Steve congratulations and I will see you
soon peace you gotta grab my brother
steve aoki's an album me aren't you
feature of my soul man we did with him
in delirious aka bonus mango grabbed it
right now we collaborated with steve
aoki for his new album to song called
back to earth it is fucking awesome
steve is fucking awesome even when he
mails do the jump you know whatever but
um you know like what to do because our
faces looked crazy bad and it's T's face
just look like a normal like he wasn't
struggling to jump like the rest of us
anyway check it out come top September
30th couldn't be fucking awesome it's a
thrill and an honor to be a small part
of Steve new album neon future check out
our collaborative track transcendence
it's my favorite word by the way it's
going to be a great success and as with
all of steve's work you'll love it my
owner flux pavillion has asked me to
tell you something his brand new track
of steve aoki called get me out of here
will be featured on Steve's album neon
future which is released on sep tember
30th 2014 unfortunately as I am just
some hair I don't have an itunes account
but there's a good chance that you do so
go and pre-order it now or buy it on the
day and go enjoy yourself thank you bye
what is this changing in front of my
eyes healing is happening inside of the
world inside machines
this is the new your future steve aoki's
new album neon future will be coming out
on sep tember the 30th with our
collaborative track Beyond Boundaries
thank you so much Steve for supporting
our work and the work of sense Research
Foundation as we try to defeat the
biggest boundary that humanity knows the
curse of aging I'm sure your album will
be a huge success sep tember 30th
hey Steve Aoki
free
Romine
welcome to the neon future
breaking news at this hour Chris NYADA
future vol 1 is about to drop on iTunes
everywhere we have a reporter heading to
the scene to follow up on more details
i'm steve aoki stay classy internet it
is to be okay thanks for checking out my
video click on one of the links to see
more of my videos and don't forget to
subscribe to see my newest stuff as soon
as it's released let's get